[docs] Update Hosting docs for request header, `origin` global, and runtime changes (#37061)
expo/expo: docs/pages/eas/hosting/reference/responses-and-headers.mdx

## Request headers

> **EAS Hosting** will add a couple of headers to every request, before they're forwarded to your API routes. These headers generally add more information about who made the request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**EAS Hosting** will add the following headers to every request, before they're forwarded to your API routes. These headers generally add more information about who made the request.
```

Considering the list of headers below, it seems there are more than 2 headers added to each request now.

| `eas-ip-longitude`  | Best guess of the client's longitude (optional)                                                                                                                                                                                            |
| `eas-ip-timezone`   | Timezone of the client. For example, `Europe/London`                                                                                                                                                                                       |
| `eas-ip-eu`         | Set to `1` when the request likely originated in the jurisdictional area of the European Union                                                                                                                                             |

### Request URL and origin

EAS Hosting routes requests from several hostnames to your deployments. [Aliases](/eas/hosting/deployments-and-aliases) and [Custom domains](/eas/hosting/custom-domain) mean that there may be a difference between the **incoming** URL that clients have used to make a request, and the **target** URL that your API routes receive.

> For example, while a client may make a request to an alias URL such as `https://my-app--staging.expo.app/`, the worker deployment that may receive the request will have a URL containing its deployment ID, such as `https://my-app--or1170q9ix.expo.app/`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, while a client may make a request to an alias URL such as `https://my-app--staging.expo.app/`, the worker deployment that will receive the request will have a URL containing its deployment ID, such as `https://my-app--or1170q9ix.expo.app/`.
```

Are we unsure that the worker will receive the request containing the URL's deployment ID?

This difference is also present in the `Request`'s URL and headers that you receive in your API routes. While the `request.url` will be your worker deployment's URL, the `Origin` and `X-Forwarded-Host` header will be set to the incoming URL that the client used to make the request.

```js
export async function GET(request) {
  request.url; // 'https://my-app--or1170q9ix.expo.app/'
  request.headers.get('Origin'); // 'https://my-app--staging.expo.app/'
  request.headers.get('X-Forwarded-Host'); // 'my-app--staging.expo.app'
  origin; // 'https://my-app--staging.expo.app/'
}
```

### IP headers

The request contains several headers to identify the IP address of the user's device that made the request:

- `Forwarded` contains a comma-separated list of semicolon-separated parameters. Each entry in the list represents a proxy that forwarded the request. Therefore, the first entry's `for` parameter is likely the original client's IP address.

> - `X-Forwarded-For` only contains a comma-separated list of IP addressed. Each entry in the list represents a proxy that forwarded the request as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `X-Forwarded-For` only contains a comma-separated list of IP addresses. Each entry in the list represents a proxy that forwarded the request as well.
```

Typo
